As today marks my last day at Sapiet after almost three years, I want to say a heartfelt thank you to each of you for making this experience so memorable.

From the day I joined the team, I felt welcomed and supported. As a pod lead, Mohsin was incredibly helpful, he went above and beyond to ensure I never felt like a newcomer. His belief in me and guidance, alongside the welcoming atmosphere of the Demand POD, helped me to settle in quickly, for which I am truly thankful.

To my colleagues across other pods like like Gagan, Sagar, Ayush, Sahilesh, Gurdeep, Sakshi, Komal, Rajeshwari: I’ve cherished every moment working with you. Your constant unwavering support, and friendship have made my time here incredibly special. Working here with you all guys was  a wonderful journey, and I’m grateful for all the shared moments, hard work, and laughs. I’m taking many good memories with me, and I’ll miss the camaraderie and spirit of our team.I’ll miss our brainstorming sessions, the laughter, and the way we came together to overcome challenges.

A big thank you to Guru, your expertise and leadership have been instrumental in guiding our team through technical challenges. Your clear vision and ability to simplify the complicated issue have been incredibly inspiring. I’ve learned so much from you, and your support has been invaluable.

To our amazing scrum masters: your dedication to keeping us organized and on track has been invaluable. Your ability to facilitate smooth sprints and handle obstacles with grace has greatly contributed to success of our team.

Special shout-out to our juniors, Subh and Jyotshana. Your eagerness to learn and grow has been wonderful to witness. Keep up the great work, and I’m sure you’ll achieve amazing things.

Leaving Sapiet isn’t easy because of the wonderful connections I’ve made and the memories we’ve built together. I’m taking away not just professional experiences but also friendships that I hope will continue beyond my time here.It’s been an enriching experience that i will always hold close to my heart.